Updated health check docs (#898)
docker/compose-cli: docs/aci-container-features.md

You can follow logs with the `--follow` (`-f`) option.
When running a container with `docker run`, by default the command line stays attached to container logs when the container starts. Use `docker run --detach` to not follow logs once the container starts.
> Note: Following ACI logs may have display issues especially when resizing a terminal that is following container logs. This is due to ACI providing raw log pulling but no streaming of logs. Logs are effectively pulled every 2 seconds when following logs.

## Healthchecks

> Healthchecks can be described with the `--healthcheck-xxx` flags. It translates to `LivenessProbe` in ACI. By that, the container is terminated if it becomes unhealthy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A health check can be described using the flags prefixed by `--healthcheck`. This is translated into `LivenessProbe` for ACI. If the health check fails then the container is considered unhealthy and terminated.
```

> In order to restart automatically, the container also need to have a restart policy set with `--restart` (`docker run` defaults to no restart policy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for the container to be restarted automatically, the container needs to be run with a restart policy (set by the `--restart` flag) other than `no`. Note that the default restart policy if one isn't set is `no`.

In order to restart automatically, the container also need to have a restart policy set with `--restart` (`docker run` defaults to no restart policy)
```
